Create ui-c8y-1021-76-0-as-a-map-widget-user-i-want-an-option-to-fit.md (#3368)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-76-0-as-a-map-widget-user-i-want-an-option-to-fit.md

---
date: ""

> title: Map widget provides option to fit all assets on map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Map widget provides option to fit all assets on a map
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63148
version: 1021.76.0
---

> There is a new functionality provided to Map widget that allows to fit all selected assets (or all assets if none is defined for widget) on map. It can be used in two places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New functionality has been added to the "Map" widget that allows to fit all selected assets (or all assets if none is defined for a widget) on a map. It can be used in two places:
```

> - on map widget configuration- using it will recalculate center and zoom level in config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the "Map" widget configuration- using it will recalculate the center and zoom level in the configuration
```

> - on map widget view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the "Map" widget view
```

> - In the "Map" widget configuration- using it will recalculate the center and zoom level in the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the "Map" widget configuration - using it will recalculate the center and zoom level in the configuration
```

> - In the "Map" widget view

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Map" widget has been enhanced with a new feature that allows to fits all assets on the map. This includes either all selected assets for the widget or all available assets if none are explicitly selected.This functionality is available in two places:

- **Widget Configuration:**Allows to adjusts the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets.
- **Widget View:** Allows users to fit all assets into view during normal dashboard usage.

This feature improves usability by ensuring all tracked assets are visible with a single action.
```

Reviewer 3: @rahulc8y I have doubts to "Automatically adjusts the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets." and "Allows users to dynamically fit all assets into view during normal dashboard usage.". users might think that when this feature is enabled, assets will be visible all the time, even if the move- map will be aligned automatically and dynamically. But inf fact it's closer to manual action- assets are fitted to current map view only when button is clicked but won't do anything automatically later on.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for pointing this, i have now updated the proposed changelog.

Reviewer 3: now it's perfect :ok_hand:

---
date: ""
title: Map widget provides option to fit all assets on a map
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63148
version: 1021.76.0
---

> The "Map" widget has been enhanced with a new feature that allows to fits all assets on the map. This includes either all selected assets for the widget or all available assets if none are explicitly selected.This functionality is available in two places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Map" widget has been enhanced with a new feature that allows to fit all assets on the map. This includes either all selected assets for the widget or all available assets if none are explicitly selected. This functionality is available in two places:
```

> The "Map" widget has been enhanced with a new feature that allows to fit all assets on the map. This includes either all selected assets for the widget or all available assets if none are explicitly selected. This functionality is available in two places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Map" widget has been enhanced with a new feature that allows to fit all assets on a map. This includes either all selected assets for the widget or all available assets if none are explicitly selected. This functionality is available in two places:
```

> - **Widget configuration:**Allows to adjust the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Widget configuration:** Allows to adjust the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets.
```

> - **Widget Configuration:**Allows to adjusts the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Widget configuration:**Allows to adjust the map's center and zoom level to include all relevant assets.
```

> - **Widget View:** Allows users to fit all assets into view during normal dashboard usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Widget view:** Allows users to fit all assets into the view during normal dashboard usage.
```

> This feature improves usability by ensuring all tracked assets are visible with a single action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature improves the usability by ensuring all tracked assets are visible with a single action.
```
